Q: Beloved GM, I have the habit of eating Non vegetarian Whether 
it must be stopped in the path of spiritual journey? 

Will it be a barrier for my spiritual journey? Kindly clarify this basic question...

GM:  What is spirituality?

Spirituality is nothing but knowing your Supreme unborn Nature.

You are Already the Supreme... but yet to realize it.

Now you are caught by this conscious field which happens for a shorter duration say morning 5 or so.... till sleep happens.

You are  continuously trapped by all events in the field of consciousness though they are unreal.

So you must find out... what this Consciousness is.... which happens for a shorter duration.

First know that you are conscious at present.

You know that  'You Exist' Without Words.

This knowledge 
 I call as ‘Self Knowledge’.

Rest all are imposed knowledge only.

In your consciousness only entire manifestation happens just now.!

If you are not conscious… neither the world nor any manifestations here.

So focus your attention on your
 ' I am' Consciousness without which there is nothing in this space.

This Consciousness is universal.

Though it pervades everywhere, it knows its existence only through the form.

Your consciousness needs the form to know its existence as ' I am ness'.!

The form needs food at  adequate intervals for its survival.

So food is essential for the form to survive.

Through the form Consciousness knows its existence.
 
You are conscious of yourself  at present.

Your consciousness uses the form but you are more than the form.

The form needs food but you are not the form.

The indwelling conscious principle
' I am ' is within the form.

Why do you bother whether the food is Vegetarian or non Vegetarian?

Whether the food belongs to Plant kingdom or Animal kingdom, both the plants and animals are enriched with Consciousness only.

Consciousness is latent in every food particle.

Whatever perceived in the conscious field is nothing but the content of Consciousness only.

Once your conscious ' I am' happens… world happens simultaneously.

There is nothing apart from Consciousness here in space.

All  contents within conscious field are by Consciousness itself.

You eat the food.
Are you the food?

You are not the food.

So stop bothering about this issue.

Eat whichever is convenient for you.

You are beyond Consciousness.

Better get to know what this conscious principle' I am ' is!

Do not get stuck by this kind of concepts!

And Know What You are Exactly!
