You know that you are without words.!
You are Conscious of your presence now.!
This knowing your presence without words is the beginning of your Consciousness.!

Your Consciousness is beyond space.!
It is yet to know its beyondness prior to space.!

Now with eyes closed your Consciousness knows the stillness within.!
This Stillness is beyond words.!
This Stillness is beyond appearances and disappearances.!

This Stillness is infinite without boundaries.!
This Stillness is beyond objects.!

This Stillness is beyond forms.!
This Stillness is beyond duality.!

You cannot underestimate this Stillness.!
This stillness indicates the light within.!

Through stillness light within is known.!
Light is the Source of entire manifestation in space.!

This Stillness is beyond movements.!
Every movement happens spontaneously out of it.!

This Stillness is beyond object.! 
Every object happens spontaneously out of it just now.!

This stillness is beyond elements.!
Every element happens spontaneously out of it just now.!

This stillness is beyond universes in space.!
Every universe happens spontaneously out of it just now.!

This Stillness is beyond galaxies in space.!
Every galaxy happens spontaneously out of it just now!

This stillness is beyond world in space.!
Entire world happens spontaneously out of it just now.!

This stillness is known only when your Consciousness is Conscious of itself inwardly.!

Consciousness knows its presence as “I am ness” only in stillness without words.!
In stillness, your Consciousness remains wakeful.!
This stillness is the beginning of wakefulness.!
In Stillness your Consciousness merges in its Source of Awareness.!

By settling in stillness your Consciousness knows the infinite peace within.!

By stabilizing in stillness, your Consciousness knows the unending joy within.!

Through peace and joy your Consciousness wakes up Totally.!
By settling in stillness constantly your Consciousness wakes up Totally.!

By consistent stabilization in Stillness, your Consciousness wakes up Totally and Realizes Its Ultimate Unborn Reality beyond birth and death of the dreamy duality.!

This Stillness is the door to Realize the Eternal Reality beyond duality.!

This Stillness reveals all secrets about your Consciousness.!
Never miss to settle in Stillness inwardly constantly, so that wakefulness is certain and Realization is certain.!